Clean up `Community/Projects` and add `Community/Projects/Defunct projects` (#15062)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Community/Projects/en.md

# Projects

::: alert-note

> **Note:** For the list of all projects that are no longer functional, see [Defunct projects](Defunct_projects)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** For the list of all projects that are no longer in operation, see [Defunct projects](Defunct_projects)
```

:::

This article lists the various projects, tools and/or services made for osu! by the [developers](/wiki/People/Developers) and the community.

While official projects are for the most part run by the [osu! team](/wiki/People/osu!_team), community projects are managed by members of the community. As such, they are not endorsed by osu!, nor do they have any official support. For news and discussions on all the current and upcoming projects, please visit the [Development forum](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/2).

## Active

> These projects are functional and actively maintained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These projects are all currently in operation and under active maintenance.
```

| ![](img/logo_osuplayer.png) | [osu!player](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/660418) | ::{ flag=DE }:: [Founntain](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5105217) | Media player for osu! beatmaps |
| ![](img/logo_osustation.png) | [osu!station](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/236417) | ::{ flag=DE }:: [nanashiRei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/807630) | On-demand online radio service powered by songs from beatmaps |
| ![](img/logo_osustuff_play.png) | [osu!Stuff Play](https://play.osustuff.org) | ::{ flag=GB }:: [Mongoose-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6331918) | Website that matches players into automated osu! Battle Royale tournaments |
| ![](img/logo_osuwme.png) | [OSUWME](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2029947) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [rezzvy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8804560) | [BBCode](/wiki/BBCode) editor with real-time preview for osu! userpages |
|  | [stats.circleclickers](https://stats.circleclickers.com) | ::{ flag=AT }:: [\] \[](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13506780) | Real-time osu! user count tracker |

## Inactive

> These projects are no longer maintained but the tools still work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These projects are all currently still in operation, although no longer under active maintenance.
```
